so  i am recording this now sitting in front
downtown
can  see this highway over pass overhead shed a bit of shade here alike
inside  the event were likely to gain a litigant son
we  have the extremely expensive condominium towers to one side which replaced
industrial  waste
go  and just over that way is
unbelievably  distant i think no matter how long you expect
if  you are to
began  dale and
i  recommend
right  now you just sit here and rot
yourself
aside  from
for  profit stands promoting
some  of them are
package  for
companies  have nothing to do with being
for  the
some  of the anti
aside  from those boots that you get to
and  which by the way are not giving you are
a
and  then you have to buy each food item at the same price as you pay that you sit in
a  rest
there  is no
plastic  portable toilet
you're  paying just as much you pay for a restaurant but you're getting a paper
a  portable
standing  around doing nothing
you  probably are the music and the distant background they do of a deer
thing  a suicide from the for profit tree show element the
event  the worthing remotely resembling began activism hervey awful
posters  they have set up to be an see that that's a that's a poster that as
two  people are rest
and  one arm says begins and the other says
it  says
come  modifying female reproductive
so  like the quality of these posters compared to random means
find  the internet is really low like a veritable around for began
carton
in  jokes
began  propaganda can find a lot better than that but these lancaster displays
they  have up they actually took the time to inform you that these are to be taken seriously
as  art installations in fact they have a sign warning you that you have leave
plenty  of room yeller a path to be let access the art installations
oh  okay we know what it actually would have been worth my twenty dollars if there was an artistic
element  to this if there were actual artist
but  of course there was absolutely nothing of the kind so disappointed after walking
around  watching a bunch of different people for trying to get rich
seeing  you deep fried oyster mushrooms with
and  calling it began chicken wings
totally  unhealthy cornute comfort food
the  century began its made the breakthrough of discovering the deep friar
in  certain of this that
now  this to is impressive as
and  none of it a political movement makes i did notice that they had a stage
at  this time the only thing going on on stages the d j basire noise pollution he makes it really
difficult  to have a conversation inside the advantage you're better off sitting outside where i am now but i
asked  the guys doing security were not the risk bandoleers
even  about health it would be a step up for this event three antakia heart attacks and strokes
and  they said no no ma'am nothing that i had just
the  stage was just the decision around for someone like a manager
look  you now
the  program will you guys what each doing with the stage and she showed
me  the program can casemates some really really sophisticated people
ever  really good reason to come back and see what they're doing on stage what i what do you think they're doing with
this  stage for this this began event one tim
in  contest
just  says vendor to be announced winning mount to be announced looks like they hadn't even
organized  this they were what one o'clock in the afternoon there will be an eating contest
okay  then at two p m one hour later on to ceuta there will be a beer
shrugging  contest yes this is the level mister
a  region even this is the main thing even for the year here in toronto canada there
is  a beer shrugging contest at two p m
winning  a mount to be determined again one hour later
at  three p m
kids  dance contest wow okay you know this really sounds like people who grew up
going  to a small town county fair i honestly i can't even give them that much credit the sounds terrible i've been
to  some small town in
where  that events ashantis what you doin on stage at a began at and then at four p
m  one hour later there is a push up a
well  that might interest me so gay don't believe me i mean i find it unbelievable there is my
program  for they're doing on
began  dale you don't get one of
i  can't believe you
as
what's  going on here
a  trade show
how  it makes
the  main people appreciate this events are
in  the
people  who are run
themselves  and
to  both meeting other people who running restaurants
the  food industry who are launching a product may be they get to go over and meet some one
some  other kind
product  i'm sure for those people it's rewarding and that's probably the
two
unbelievably
if  your interest is actually
the  ethics
there  is absolutely nothing here
and  frankly in terms of cuisine in terms of food or jumping
that's  true for
you  better off going to almost
i  go to queen street west and have a better time lisabetta food tess many of the scheme
the  same boots that
the  arrest
or  on
using
every
he
number
in  that sense
the  whole world
for  profit
challenging
it  has become the
it  is become just another genre of food in
she  city
i
we  went to a very expensive
my  mom the other night
ringwood  food
not
wasn't  terrible but it was
and  every time i go in there i asked the waitress as you know a belt about what percentage of our
the  vast majority of
market  the
they  are people
to  ethical
people  who are augmenting and
in  food or
in  the same way that they go to the gym or go on vacation or just enjoy eating
chinese
he  go to a chinese restaurant
never  get interested in
language
the  slightest
politics
over  a billion
the  right to vote on
keep  on eating chinese food once a week never evidential on your body or any curiosity
you  can eat began food at
and  that alone
billie
and  that
we  have a situation might
where  the market for package products the market for our profit food
he  is in a sense devouring
for
destroying  the
those  of us who are old enough
and  i had the date